# Goals:
1. Contorl a virtul cube with my hand
2. I should be able to do the following transformation:
	- Rotate the cube 
	- Enlarge the cube
	- Translate the cube 

# Steps:
 1. Render the cube 
 	1a. learn to render basic cube
 	1b. learn to add transforamtion to the cube
 		-  [ ] trasnlation 
 		-  [x]  rotation
 		-  [x] enlargement
 2. Obtain finger points model
 3. Map the finger points to the cube transformation 

 #Questions
  - What is a VertexShader?
  	- It's a programmable shader
  	- Handles the processing of individual vertices 
  	- Vertex shaders are fed Vertex Attribute data, as specified from a vertex array object by a drawing command. 
  	- A vertex shader receives a single vertex from the vertex stream and generates a single vertex to the output vertex stream


  - What is a Fragment Shader?
  	-  Fargments are surrface points generated by the Resterizer
  	- A Fragment Shader is the Shader stage that will process a Fragment generated by the Rasterization into a set of colors and a single depth value.
  	- The output of a fragment shader is a depth value, a possible stencil value (unmodified by the fragment shader), and zero or more color values to be potentially written to the buffers in the current framebuffers.



  - What are the different Buffers that are needed?  	
    - vertexBuffer
    	- used as a source for vertex array data. 
    - indexBuffer
    	- An index buffer is essentially an array of pointers into the vertex buffer. 
    	- It allows you to reorder the vertex data, and reuse existing data for multiple vertices. 
    	- https://vulkan-tutorial.com/Vertex_buffers/Index_buffer#:~:text=An%20index%20buffer%20is%20essentially,existing%20data%20for%20multiple%20vertices.


  	- arrayBuffer
  	- axesVertexBuffer

  - What are the different types of variable?
  	- Attributes
  		- Passed from app to vertex shader
  		- in other words: input variables used in the vertex shader
  		- points to a vertex buffer object

  	- Uniforms 
  		- Passed from app to shaders(vertex and fargment)
  	- Varings
  		- are used for passing data from the vertex shader and the fargment shader 
  		- Interpolating data between VERTEX and FRAGMENT shaders.
  		- Write in vertex 
  		- so in essence they are passing information down the pipeline.
  	- https://sites.google.com/site/pavelkolodin/js-javascript/webgl

 
  - What are the different matrix needed?
  	- A great guide is at:
  		- http://www.opengl-tutorial.org/beginners-tutorials/tutorial-3-matrices/#the-model-view-and-projection-matrices
  	- modelMatrix
  		- allow us to map model coordinates to world coordinates 
  	- viewMatrix
  		- This allow you to map world coordinates to camera coordinates
  		- "if you want to view a moutain from another angle, you can either move the camera… or move the mountain"

  	- projmatrix
  		- maps the camera coordinates space to frustum/cube sapve 
  		- everything inside the cube is on screen
  		- this defines the part of the scene that the camera is able to see
  		- The matrix basically deforms the objects in a way that the closer objects are bigger and far objects are smaller

  	- g_normalMatrix

  - How to apply transformation to the cube?
    - modelMatrix.setTranslate()
    - modelMatrix.rotate(angel, x,y,z)

# Transforming the cube using keyboard:
  - Rotation
     - Arrow keys
  - Translation 
    - 
  - Scale
    - a,s,d,f
